Expose prometheus with basic auth (#1091)
2i2c-org/infrastructure: docs/howto/operate/grafana.md

In the `infrastructure` repo, the full filepath should be: `config/clusters/<cluster_name>/support.values.yaml`.

Add the following helm chart values to your `support.values.yaml` file.
`<grafana-domain>` should follow the pattern `grafana.<cluster_name>.2i2c.cloud`,
and `<prometheus-domain>` should follow the pattern `prometheus.<cluster_name>.2i2c.cloud`.

```yaml

> prometheusEngressAuthSecret:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
prometheusIngressAuthSecret:
```

      - secretName: grafana-tls
        hosts:
          - <grafana-domain>

prometheus:
  server:
    ingress:
      enabled: true
      hosts:
        - <prometheus-domain>
      tls:
        - secretName: prometheus-tls
          hosts:
            - <prometheus-domain>
```

#### Create a `enc-support.secret.yaml` file

Only 2i2c staff + our centralized grafana should be able to access the
prometheus data on a cluster from outside the cluster. The [basic auth](https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/examples/auth/basic/)

> feature of nginx-ingress is used to restrict this. A `enc-support.seecret.yaml`

Reviewer: I think it will be critical that this is named `enc-support.secret.values.yaml` --- that it includes `values.yaml` in the end to be compatible with https://github.com/2i2c-org/infrastructure/pull/1093/files#diff-6d3cb43608c85f4e234a8decb5a6dc2f7f62e5606891b377941a201fd8222d25R77.

```suggestion
feature of nginx-ingress is used to restrict this. A `enc-support.secret.values.yaml`
```

Author: I thought the secret.yaml is an alternative to .values.yaml, specifying what they are. Why have both?

Author: Either way, happy to just do this for now and move the conversation about conventions elsewhere :)

Reviewer 2: All values files can be secret, but not all secrets need to be values files. So I think we should adopt a `.secret.values.yaml` convention to indicate that this is a secret values file. See the notes box in the docs here: https://infrastructure.2i2c.org/en/latest/topic/config.html#id1

support:
  helm_chart_values_files:
    - support.values.yaml

>     - enc-support.secret.yaml

Reviewer: TODO: Systematic rename of this file to `enc-support.secret.values.yaml`

Author: Just done.
